Adding W solid properties materials (#31073)
idaholab/moose: modules/solid_properties/doc/content/source/materials/TungstenThermalPropertiesMaterial.md

# Tungsten Thermal Properties Material

!syntax description /Materials/TungstenThermalPropertiesMaterial

> This class provides tungsten's thermal conductivity, specific heat, and density as material properties based on temperature.
> 
> Properties of tungsten are obtained from [!cite](milner2024space).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class provides tungsten's thermal conductivity, specific heat, and density as material properties as a function of temperature based on the models listed in [!cite](milner2024space).
```

# Thermal conductivity

> For temperature range: 1 ≤ T < 55 K

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For temperature range: 1 ≤ T < 55 K, the thermal conductivity is defined as
```

> \begin{equation}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{equation} \label{eq:thermal_conductivity_low}
```

k(T) =

> \frac{A0 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^N}{1 + A1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + A2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + A3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\frac{A0 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^N}{1 + A1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + A2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + A3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3},
```

\end{equation}

where:

> - `k(T)` is **thermal conductivity `[W/m.K]`
> 
> - `T` is **temperature `[K]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $k(T)$ is the thermal conductivity [W/m.K],

- $T$ is the temperature [K]`,
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

and the model parameters values provided in [tab:thermal_conductivity_parameters_low].

!table id=tab:thermal_conductivity_parameters_low caption=Parameters values for the thermal conductivity model from [eq:thermal_conductivity_low]. 
```

| Constant | Value      | Unit                |
|----------|------------|---------------------|

> | N        | 8.740E-01  | `[1]`               |
> | A0       | 7.348E+05  | `[W/m.K]`           |
> | A1       | 2.544E+01  | `[1]`               |
> | A2       | -8.304E+03 | `[1]`               |
> | A3       | 1.180E+06  | `[1]`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| N        | 8.740E-01  | `[-]`               |
| A0       | 7.348E+05  | `[W/m.K]`           |
| A1       | 2.544E+01  | `[-]`               |
| A2       | -8.304E+03 | `[-]`               |
| A3       | 1.180E+06  | `[-]`               |
```

> For temperature range 55 ≤ T ≤ 3653 K

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For temperature range 55 ≤ $T$ ≤ 3653 K, the thermal conductivity is defined as
```

> \begin{equation}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{equation} [eq:thermal_conductivity_high]
```

> k(T) = \frac{B0 + B1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + B2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + B3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3}{C0 + C1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k(T) = \frac{B0 + B1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + B2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + B3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3}{C0 + C1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2},
```

\end{equation}

where:

> - `k(T)` is **thermal conductivity `[W/m.K]`
> 
> - `T` is **temperature `[K]`
> 
> | Constant | Value       | Unit                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $k(T)$ is the thermal conductivity [W/m.K],
- $T$ is the temperature [K]`,

and the model parameters values provided in [tab:thermal_conductivity_parameters_high].

!table id=tab:thermal_conductivity_parameters_high caption=Parameters values for the thermal conductivity model from [eq:thermal_conductivity_high]. 

| Constant | Value       | Unit                |
```

|----------|-------------|---------------------|
| B0       | -3.679E+00  | `[W/m.K]`           |
| B1       | 1.181E+02   | `[W/m.K]`           |
| B2       | 5.879E+01   | `[W/m.K]`           |
| B3       | 2.867E+00   | `[W/m.K]`           |

> | C0       | -2.052E-02  | `[1]`               |
> | C1       | 4.741E-01   | `[1]`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| C0       | -2.052E-02  | `[-]`               |
| C1       | 4.741E-01   | `[-]`               |
```

# Specific Heat

> For temperature range: 11 ≤ T < 293 K

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For temperature range: 11 ≤ $T$ < 293 K, the specific heat  is described as:
```

> \begin{equation}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{equation} \label{eq:specific_heat_low}
```

> C_p(T) =\frac{A0 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^N}{1 + A1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + A2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + A3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C_p(T) =\frac{A0 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^N}{1 + A1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + A2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + A3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3},
```

\end{equation}

where:

> - `C`$_p$`(T)` is **specific heat `[J/g.K]`
> 
> - `T` is **temperature `[K]`
> 
> | Constant | Value      | Unit                |
> |----------|------------|---------------------|
> | N        | 3.030E+00  | `[1]`               |
> | A0       | 3.103E+02  | `[J/g.K]`           |
> | A1       | -8.815E+00 | `[1]`               |
> | A2       | 1.295E+02  | `[1]`               |
> | A3       | 1.874E+03  | `[1]`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $C_p$(T)$ is the specific heat `[J/g.K]`,

- $T$ is the temperature `[K]`,

and the model parameters values provided in [tab:specific_heat_parameters_low].
!table id=tab:specific_heat_parameters_low caption=Parameters values for the specific heat model from [eq:specific_heat_low]. 
| Constant | Value      | Unit                |
|----------|------------|---------------------|
| N        | 3.030E+00  | `[-]`               |
| A0       | 3.103E+02  | `[J/g.K]`           |
| A1       | -8.815E+00 | `[-]`               |
| A2       | 1.295E+02  | `[-]`               |
| A3       | 1.874E+03  | `[-]`               |
```

> For temperature range: 293 ≤ T < 3700 K

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For temperature range: 293 ≤ $T$ < 3700 K, the specific heat is defined as
```

> \begin{equation}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{equation} \label{eq:specific_heat_high}
```

C_p(T) = B0 + B1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + B2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + B3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3 + \frac{B_{-2}}{\left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2}
\end{equation}

where:

> - `C`$_p$`(T)` is **specific heat `[J/g.K]`
> 
> - `T` is **temperature `[K]`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $C_p$(T)$ is the specific heat `[J/g.K]`,

- $T$ is the temperature `[K]`,

and the model parameters values provided in [tab:specific_heat_parameters_high].
!table id=tab:specific_heat_parameters_high caption=Parameters values for the specific heat model from [eq:specific_heat_high]. 
```

| Constant | Value       | Unit           |
|----------|-------------|----------------|
| B0       | 1.301E-01   | `[J/g.K]`      |
| B1       | 2.225E-02   | `[J/g.K]`       |
| B2       | -7.224E-03  | `[J/g.K]`      |
| B3       | 3.539E-03   | `[J/g.K]`      |
| B$_{-2}$ | -3.061E-04  | `[J/g.K]`      |

# Density

> For temperature range: 5 ≤ T < 3600 K
> \begin{equation}
> \rho(T) = \frac{\rho_{RT}}{\left(1 + \frac{dL}{L_0(T)} \times \frac{1}{100}\right)^3}
> \end{equation}
> 
> where:
> 
> - `𝜌(T)` is **density `[Kg/m`$^3$`]`
> 
> - `𝜌`$_{RT}$`(T)` is **room temperature density `= 19250 [Kg/m`$^3$`]`
> 
> - `T` is **temperature `[K]`
> 
> and the thermal expansion $dL/L_0(T)$ `[%]` is given by:
> 
> \begin{equation}
> \frac{dL(T)}{L_0} = A0 + A1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + A2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + A3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3
> \end{equation}
> 
> For temperature range: 5 ≤ T < 294 K
> 
> | Constant | Value      | Unit           |
> |----------|------------|----------------|
> | A0       | -8.529E-02 | `[1]`          |
> | A1       | -9.915E-02 | `[1]`          |
> | A2       | 2.257E+00  | `[1]`          |
> | A3       | -3.157E+00 | `[1]`          |
> 
> For temperature range: 294 ≤ T ≤ 3600 K
> 
> | Constant | Value      | Unit           |
> |----------|------------|----------------|
> | A0       | -1.400E-01 | `[1]`          |
> | A1       | 4.869E-01  | `[1]`          |
> | A2       | -3.056E-02 | `[1]`          |
> | A3       | 2.234E-02  | `[1]`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the temperature range: 5 ≤ $T$ < 3600 K, the density is defined as
\begin{equation} \label{eq:density}
\rho(T) = \frac{\rho_{RT}}{\left(1 + \frac{dL}{L_0(T)} \times \frac{1}{100}\right)^3},
\end{equation}

where:

- $\rho(T)$ is the density `[Kg/m`$^3$`]`,

- $\rho_{RT}(T)$ is the room temperature density, set to 19250 `[Kg/m`$^3$`]`,

- $T$ is the temperature `[K]`,

and the thermal expansion $dL/L_0(T)$ `[%]` is given by:

\begin{equation} \label{eq:thermal_expansion}
\frac{dL(T)}{L_0} = A0 + A1 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right) + A2 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^2 + A3 \cdot \left( \frac{T}{1000} \right)^3.
\end{equation}

The values of the model parameters in [eq:thermal_expansion] are provided in [tab:thermal_expansion_parameters_low] for low temperatures (5 ≤ $T$ < 294 K), and [tab:thermal_expansion_parameters_high] for high temperatures (294 ≤ $T$ ≤ 3600 K).

!table id=tab:thermal_expansion_parameters_low caption=Parameters values for the thermal expansion model from [eq:thermal_expansion] for 5 ≤ $T$ < 294 K. 
| Constant | Value      | Unit           |
|----------|------------|----------------|
| A0       | -8.529E-02 | `[-]`          |
| A1       | -9.915E-02 | `[-]`          |
| A2       | 2.257E+00  | `[-]`          |
| A3       | -3.157E+00 | `[-]`          |

!table id=tab:thermal_expansion_parameters_high caption=Parameters values for the thermal expansion model from [eq:thermal_expansion] for 294 ≤ $T$ ≤ 3600 K. 
| Constant | Value      | Unit           |
|----------|------------|----------------|
| A0       | -1.400E-01 | `[-]`          |
| A1       | 4.869E-01  | `[-]`          |
| A2       | -3.056E-02 | `[-]`          |
| A3       | 2.234E-02  | `[-]`          |
```

# Tungsten Thermal Properties Material

!syntax description /Materials/TungstenThermalPropertiesMaterial

> `TungstenThermalPropertiesMaterial` provides tungsten's thermal conductivity, specific heat, and density as material properties based on temperature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class provides tungsten's thermal conductivity, specific heat, and density as material properties based on temperature.
```

> Properties of tungsten are obtained from [!cite](milner2024space).

Reviewer: Please provide the expression for each property, along with the units and the temperature range of validity.
